Introduce the `regex!` macro for easier reusable regex (#1371)
rust-lang/regex: README.md

Specifically, in this example, the regex will be compiled when it is used for
the first time. On subsequent uses, it will reuse the previous compilation.

> The [`regex!`] macro can also be used, which handles `LazyLock` creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`regex!`] macro can also be used, which handles lazy compilation.
```
